Our view is that governments should not make policies to reduce carbon emissions.
First of all, the greenhouse effect is not only harmful, for some areas it will bring benefits. Especially in east Asia and cold zone countries, the greenhouse effect has more advantages than disadvantages. For countries located in the frigid zone, climate warming is conductive to the development of agriculture, which can increase yields and improve economic levels. For ease Asia, there will be more rain than before, dense forests will re-occupy the loess plateau, and the Yellow River will no long carry a lot of sediment and become clear again.
	Second, the government should not forcefully interfere in the market economy, because this can easily undermine the stable development of the market economy, if companies are forced to reduce carbon emission, their operating costs will rise and their profits will fail, causing unemployment and affecting the stable development society, at the same time, enforcing policies means that additional social costs and manpower are required. Which will increase the burden of society. Here I need to emphasize that we are not opposed to reducing carbon emissions, what we are opposed to is the mandatory reduction of carbon emissions.
	Third, china is a developing country, and economic developments is the current primary goal, if the Chinese government and other governments, such as developed government, jointly abide by environmental protection policies together, such as the Copenhagen Accord. It means that china has to limit its own carbon emission, which will seriously affect china’s development, if china wants more carbon emission, it can only spend hundreds of billions to buy, this goes against the dream of china’s great rejuvenation. This is unacceptable, it is emphasized here that we are not opposed to reducing carbon emissions, what we hope is that the reduction of carbon emissions will be placed in the future. At the same time, as China’s economy transforms from an extensive economy to an intensive economy, china’s carbon emission will naturally become more reasonable. 
Fourth, from the perspective of human rights, everyone has the right to pursue happiness, and carbon emissions are closely related to human rights. To reduce carbon emissions is to prevent people from pursuing a better life. Therefore, the government can only encourage or take subsidies to reduce carbon emissions, but can’t take compulsory measures to reduce carbon emissions.
	Fifth, we are concerned about the greenhouse effect because it will affect the normal activities of humans, but the mandatory reduction of carbon dioxide emissions will affect the normal activities of humans. we should not mistake the means and the purpose, Therefore, the government should not do this. Only other methods can be used to replace the mandatory reduction of carbon emissions. The government can vigorously develop clean energy, new energy, and popularize the use of electric vehicles. Research and develop new technologies to improve energy efficiency.
	Therefore, our conclusion is that governments should not make policies to reduce carbon emissions.
